README.md, before:

## FRequest <img src="images/frequest_icon.png" alt="download frequest" width="32" height="32">

<a href="images/frequest-windows.png"><img src="images/frequest-windows.png" alt="frequest windows"></a>

FRequest is a fast, lightweight and opensource Windows / macOS / Linux desktop program to make HTTP(s) requests (e.g. call REST apis). 

<a href="https://github.com/fabiobento512/FRequest/releases"><b>Download page</b><img src="images/download.png" alt="download frequest"><a/>

FRequest aims to provide a similar interface to an integrated development environment program (IDE) but for HTTP(s) apis. It should be fast, 
cross platform, lightweight, practical with a native look. Also it is important that project files can be 
easily shared and work seamless with Version Control Systems (VCS) for collaborative work.

The current features of FRequest are:

- Make GET / POST / PUT / DELETE / PATCH / HEAD / TRACE / OPTIONS HTTP(s) requests
- Make HTTP requests with RAW / Form Data or X-Form-WWW-UrlEncoded body types
- Send file uploads over the HTTP body type Form Data
- Analyze the requests response body and headers
- Requests are contained in a project, this project is then saved in XML file on user's desired location
- Ability to override a project main url, so you can make requests to different domain name addresses within the same project
- Ability to download files from the requests
- Automatically beautify and apply syntax highlighting for JSON and XML
- Support for authentication (HTTP Basic authentication and Request based authentication) which can be saved either in the program configuration file (for private use) or the project file itself (for shared use)
- The FRequest project files are stored in a way which allow easy collaboration via a VCS like Git, Svn or Team Foundation Server
- Ability to add any kind of custom HTTP headers to the requests (automatically by taking the type in account or adding them manually)
- Network proxy support

FRequest is licensed under GPL 3.0 (https://www.gnu.org/licenses/gpl-3.0.en.html).

### Screenshots
#### Windows main interface
<a href="images/frequest-windows.png"><img src="images/frequest-windows.png" alt="frequest windows"></a>

#### macOS main interface
<a href="images/frequest-macos.png"><img src="images/frequest-macos.png" alt="frequest macos"></a>

#### Linux main interface
<a href="images/frequest-linux.png"><img src="images/frequest-linux.png" alt="frequest linux"></a>

#### Dark Theme
<a href="images/frequest-dark-theme.png"><img src="images/frequest-dark-theme.png" alt="frequest dark theme"></a>

### FRequest preferences interface
<a href="images/frequest-preferences-windows.png"><img src="images/frequest-preferences-windows.png" alt="frequest preferences"></a>

### FRequest project properties interface
<a href="images/frequest-projproperties-macos.png"><img src="images/frequest-projproperties-macos.png" alt="frequest project properties"></a>

### Download <a href="https://github.com/fabiobento512/FRequest/releases"><img src="images/download.png" alt="download frequest"><a/>

You can download FRequest for Windows / macOS / Linux <a href="https://github.com/fabiobento512/FRequest/releases">here<a/>.

### Open Source

FRequest is open source, do you want to help? Visit our github page <a href="https://github.com/fabiobento512/FRequest">here<a/>.

Commit message:

Added global headers new feature

README.md, after:

## FRequest <img src="images/frequest_icon.png" alt="download frequest" width="32" height="32">

<a href="images/frequest-windows.png"><img src="images/frequest-windows.png" alt="frequest windows"></a>

FRequest is a fast, lightweight and opensource Windows / macOS / Linux desktop program to make HTTP(s) requests (e.g. call REST apis). 

<a href="https://github.com/fabiobento512/FRequest/releases"><b>Download page</b><img src="images/download.png" alt="download frequest"><a/>

FRequest aims to provide a similar interface to an integrated development environment program (IDE) but for HTTP(s) apis. It should be fast, 
cross platform, lightweight, practical with a native look. Also it is important that project files can be 
easily shared and work seamless with Version Control Systems (VCS) for collaborative work.

The current features of FRequest are:

- Make GET / POST / PUT / DELETE / PATCH / HEAD / TRACE / OPTIONS HTTP(s) requests
- Make HTTP requests with RAW / Form Data or X-Form-WWW-UrlEncoded body types
- Send file uploads over the HTTP body type Form Data
- Analyze the requests response body and headers
- Requests are contained in a project, this project is then saved in XML file on user's desired location
- Ability to override a project main url, so you can make requests to different domain name addresses within the same project
- Ability to download files from the requests
- Automatically beautify and apply syntax highlighting for JSON and XML
- Support for authentication (HTTP Basic authentication and Request based authentication) which can be saved either in the program configuration file (for private use) or the project file itself (for shared use)
- The FRequest project files are stored in a way which allow easy collaboration via a VCS like Git, Svn or Team Foundation Server
- Ability to add any kind of custom HTTP headers to the requests (automatically by taking the type in account or adding them manually)
- Global headers, headers that are applied to every request in the project
- Network proxy support

FRequest is licensed under GPL 3.0 (https://www.gnu.org/licenses/gpl-3.0.en.html).

### Screenshots
#### Windows main interface
<a href="images/frequest-windows.png"><img src="images/frequest-windows.png" alt="frequest windows"></a>

#### macOS main interface
<a href="images/frequest-macos.png"><img src="images/frequest-macos.png" alt="frequest macos"></a>

#### Linux main interface
<a href="images/frequest-linux.png"><img src="images/frequest-linux.png" alt="frequest linux"></a>

#### Dark Theme
<a href="images/frequest-dark-theme.png"><img src="images/frequest-dark-theme.png" alt="frequest dark theme"></a>

### FRequest preferences interface
<a href="images/frequest-preferences-windows.png"><img src="images/frequest-preferences-windows.png" alt="frequest preferences"></a>

### FRequest project properties interface
<a href="images/frequest-projproperties-macos.png"><img src="images/frequest-projproperties-macos.png" alt="frequest project properties"></a>

### Download <a href="https://github.com/fabiobento512/FRequest/releases"><img src="images/download.png" alt="download frequest"><a/>

You can download FRequest for Windows / macOS / Linux <a href="https://github.com/fabiobento512/FRequest/releases">here<a/>.

### Open Source

FRequest is open source, do you want to help? Visit our github page <a href="https://github.com/fabiobento512/FRequest">here<a/>.
